1.7 Task Task: A piece of work to be done and completed as a step in the production process. “Write script,” “perform scene,” and “create visual effects” are all examples of tasks.  A Task can be composed of other Tasks – see Task Group below. Several Relationships that are central to managing and connecting Tasks are enumerated here; they are important enough to be mentioned explicitly. Sample Attributes Attribute Description Identifier […] One or more identifiers for the Task. At least one of these should be resolvable within the production environment. Name The name of this instance of the Task, e.g., “Shoot Scene 1” Description A description of the Task → Task Structural Characteristics Currently undefined; see above. → Task Functional Characteristics  An instance of Task Functional Class (see below). → Task Group See below. → Work Unit The Work Unit used to perform this task.  See Part 4: Participants. State An indication of the current state of the Task, e.g., “assigned,” “complete,” “in process” or “waiting”  State Details Structured or unstructured data with extra application- or Task=specific details about the State, e.g., what the Task is waiting on. Custom Data Anything that is application or workflow dependent that can’t be otherwise expressed in the Ontology or needs to be present in a particular format. → Context […] Any Context needed by this Task. In general, Context is required to be able to run a Task C→ Scheduling Information about how a task is scheduled. See below C→ hasInputAssets […] Assets that are input for this Task C→ hasOutputAssets […] Assets that are output by this Task C→ Informs […] Tasks that receive information from this Task. See notes.  C→ isInformedBy […] Tasks that provide information to this Task. See notes. Tasks Ontology v2.8  Notes: This Task class is aimed primarily at workflow management applications. The Custom Data field can be used for extra information about an instance of a Task, to be used either while it is running, such as more detailed information about its location (If not covered in Context information), state or resource consumption (if it is being performed by a Service) or afterwards, such as data to feed into AI or machine learning systems. Tasks and Participants are connected through a Work Unit, defined in Part 4: Participants. Production management systems and workflow managers interact with instances of Tasks, often through the Work Unit rather than directly through the Task. Tasks often deal with Assets, but many Tasks do not. Consider a pair of Tasks for “scout locations” and “choose location.” The output of the first is information about possible Production Locations, which serves as input to the second.  The output of the second one is a decision about a Production Location. It is possible to treat all of these pieces of information as small Assets, but that may not fit well with existing production processes (send an email with a list of three locations) and databases (choosing a particular location may be as simple as marking a row in a spreadsheet which is not tracked by the production management system.) An even simpler example is asking for and getting approval for something with a phone call. The Informs/isInformedBy relationships cover these non-Asset Tasks. This kind of communication is often called a “trigger,” and can be implemented with a variety of techniques including webhooks and messages. The state of an Asset is different from the state of a Task. A task can change the state of an Asset (e.g., from “draft” to “finished” or “approved”), but that information is stored in the Asset, not the Task – a Task’s state relates only to the Task itself.6 hasInputAssets and hasOutputAssets can be subclassed for particular kinds of task. For instance, hasVFXSequenceInput might be a subclass of hasInput for a VFX Task. Context can be very general (just a Scene De