Asset Structural Class Asset Structural Class: Describes the form of an Asset along with the attributes specific to that asset’s form. Film and television production have been moving for some time from the physical world to the digital world, but many Assets are still physical – cars, props an actor holds, and printed scripts, for example. Some Assets that were once physical (sound and video, for example) are now mostly “digital,” which really means that they are just data. Data can be captured, recorded, or created in a completely digital form, as is the case for the output of a digital camera, but can also be captured in a more physical way, such as physical photographs or reels of film, which is traditionally called “analog.” The Ontology separates things that are physical (including analog data, which is bound to its recording medium) and things that are digital.  An instance of Asset Structural Class defines the structural characteristics of an Asset. Physical Asset: A physical asset is one where the tangible reality of the Asset is its defining feature. Physical Assets include anything that can be touched or handled,11 including things used to store digital data but excluding the data itself, for example a USB stick. Analog Asset: The combination of the information represented by captured analog data and the medium on which it is recorded.  Analog Assets store analog signals directly on the recording medium, ranging from Edison’s tinfoil cylinders to modern vinyl records (which store the information by physically changing the shape of the recording medium), and from wire recorders to magnetic tape and videocassettes (which store the information by magnetizing the medium). 11 In the words of Rocky and Janet, “Touch-a-Touch-a-Touch-a-Touch Me,” though in a less specific sense. October 10 , 2025 Motion Picture Laboratories  6 Assets Ontology v2.8  Analog Assets are a special case of Physical Assets. The data is generally tightly coupled with the medium on which it is recorded; capture and playback are done as a continuous waveform; copying an Analog Asset often results in some degradation of quality from the original source. Analog Assets can be represented either with an attribute (as here) on or a subclass of Physical Asset. Sample Attributes for Physical Asset Term Definition Identifier […] One or more identifiers for the Asset. At least one of these should be resolvable within the production environment. Name A name for the Asset. Description A description of the Asset. isAnalog True if the Asset is an Analog Asset. Custom Data Anything that is application or workflow dependent that can’t be otherwise expressed in the Ontology or needs to be present in a particular format. → Context Any Context for this Asset. Notes: Identifiers for Physical Assets are often carried on bar codes or with RFID.  See Part 9: Utilities for notes on using filenames – many Assets appear in a file system without the benefit of Identifiers – and the use of the word “file” in OMC. Digital Asset: Information that exists as digital data. Digital Assets have a looser coupling to the media on which it is stored. Digital Assets can be innately digital (e.g., a spreadsheet or JSON metadata) or the result of quantizing an analog or real-world source (e.g., digitally recorded audio or video.)  For most Digital Assets the physical nature of the medium on which they are stored is not important. Finding and retrieving digital data from the cloud – or any connected storage system – is an important problem, but it has little bearing on the Ontology and data structures. Rather, it is the purview of systems for querying for (based on attributes and properties of Assets) and for retrieving (based on identifiers and resolution mechanisms) Assets.  However, there are some special cases where the actual physical storage of a Digital Asset is important.12 For instance, the day’s takes may still be on the camera mag, in which case getting that data requires knowing where the camera mag is – once the data is in the cloud the mag doesn’t matter, even though 12 This is generally the case if the storage device is not connected to or accessible through a network, and it is generally not the case of the storage is network-connected. October 10 , 2025 Motion Picture Laboratories  7 Assets Ontology v2.8  the data is the same. Similarly, there are tape formats for digital data (e.g., DAT for audio) and knowing that a particular Digital Asset is on a particular tape can be important, especially for archival systems. Sample Attributes for Digital Asset Attribute Description Identifier […] One or more identifiers for the Asset. At least one of these should be resolvable within the production environment. Name A name for the Asset. Description A description of the Asset. ->File Details Optional. See Part 9: Utilities → Carrier For Digital Assets where the physical storage matters, this is usually a piece of Infrastructure, since it can be used across multiple productions. Common infrastructure (for example a USB storage device or a Camera Mag from a common pool) should be represented as Infrastructure for this purpose. See Part 8: Infrastucture Software Optional Software. See Part 9: Utilities. A Digital Asset might be usable by more than one piece of software, but this is the one that was used to generate it, or that is required for its use. Custom Data Anything that is application or workflow dependent that can’t be otherwise expressed in the Ontology or needs to be present in a particular format. → Context Any Context for this Asset. Notes: The Digital Asset structural characteristics class is analogous to the concept of “essence” in many digital media standards: it is the set of bits that is viewable, playable, etc., independent of any metadata that goes with it. File Details has two purposes: • It can be used for Digital Assets that do not have a resolvable identifier, such as an asset management system that provides “bring your own storage” for asset essence. See Part 9: Utilities for a fuller discussion. • It tracks file type and file extension, which can also be used by applications that are not f ile-based to know what application(s) can be used with the Asset. Details for particular types of Digital Assets are found in the various type-specific OMC documents. October 10 , 2025 